README.md, before:

puppet-role_drupal
===================

Puppet role definition for deployment of drupal software

Parameters
-------------
Sensible defaults for Naturalis in init.pp.
admin password will be reported during installation, when installation is done unattended then search in /var/log/syslog for the text:  Installation complete.  User name: admin  User password: <password here>

```
- configuredrupal             Main installation part, advised to be set to false after installation is complete. If set to true and a non working drupal installation is found ( for example due to incorrect module ) then a complete reinstallation of drupal including a complete db drop is initiated.
- enablessl                   Enable apache SSL modules, see SSL example
- dbpassword                  Drupal database password
- docroot                     Documentroot, match location with 'docroot' part of the instances parameter
- drupalversion               Drupal version
- drushversion                Drush version
- mysql_root_password         Root password for mysql server
- cron                        Enable hourly cronjob for drupal installation. 
- updateall                   Keep system up to date using drush up, all updates, requires updatesecurity = true
- updatesecurity              only update security 
- php_memory_limit            Sets PHP memory limit
- install_profile_userepo     Use repository for install profile
- install_profile             Install profile name
- install_profile_repo        repo location, use SSH location when using private repo
- install_profile_repoversion verion of repo
- install_profile_reposshauth use SSH authentication for github
- install_profile_repokey     Private key for authentication
- install_profile_repokeyname name of private key
- install_profile_repotype    repo type
- instances                   Apache vhost configuration array
```


example ssl enabled virtual hosts with http to https redirect, see init.pp for more example values

```
role_drupal::enablessl: true
role_drupal::instances:
site-with-ssl.drupalsites.nl: 
  serveraliases: "*.drupalsites.nl"
  serveradmin: webmaster@drupalsites.nl
  port: 443
  priority: 10
  directories: 
  - options: -Indexes +FollowSymLinks +MultiViews
    path: /var/www/drupal
    allow_override: All
  docroot: /var/www/sisdrupal
  ssl: true
site-without-ssl.drupalsites.nl: 
  rewrites: 
  - rewrite_rule: 
    - ^(.*)$ https://site-with-ssl.drupalsites.nl/$1 [R,L]
  serveraliases: "*.drupalsites.nl"
  serveradmin: webmaster@drupalsites.nl
  port: 80
  docroot: /var/www/drupal
  priority: 5
```


Classes
-------------
- role_drupal
- role_drupal::instances
- role_drupal::repo
- role_drupal::update

Dependencies
-------------
- puppetlabs/mysql
- puppetlabs/apache2
- puppetlabs/vcsrepo
- puppetlabs/concat
- binford2k/binford2k-drupal 0.0.4  <- forked@naturalis for mysql-php binding fix
- naturalis/puppet-php <- forked from thias/puppet-php modified for Ubuntu 14.04 compatibility


Puppet code
```
class { role_drupal: }
```
Result
-------------
Working webserver with mysql and drupal installation with custom installation profile. Additional module installation and hourly cronjobs are also installed by default.
Additional php modules: gd and apc are installed and pecl-apc is also configured so drupal upload status bars are allowed. 
automatic updates using drush can be enabled. 

Limitations
-------------
This module has been built on and tested against Puppet 3 and higher.


The module has been tested on:
- Ubuntu 12.04LTS
- Ubuntu 14.04LTS


Authors
-------------
Author Name <hugo.vanduijn@naturalis.nl>

Commit message:

fix for Ubuntu 14.04 php setting and fixed known_hosts creation for repo clone

README.md, after:

puppet-role_drupal
===================

Puppet role definition for deployment of drupal software

Parameters
-------------
Sensible defaults for Naturalis in init.pp.
admin password will be reported during installation, when installation is done unattended then search in /var/log/syslog for the text:  Installation complete.  User name: admin  User password: <password here>

```
- configuredrupal             Main installation part, advised to be set to false after installation is complete. If set to true and a non working drupal installation is found ( for example due to incorrect module ) then a complete reinstallation of drupal including a complete db drop is initiated.
- enablessl                   Enable apache SSL modules, see SSL example
- dbpassword                  Drupal database password
- docroot                     Documentroot, match location with 'docroot' part of the instances parameter
- drupalversion               Drupal version
- drushversion                Drush version
- mysql_root_password         Root password for mysql server
- cron                        Enable hourly cronjob for drupal installation. 
- updateall                   Keep system up to date using drush up, all updates, requires updatesecurity = true
- updatesecurity              only update security 
- php_memory_limit            Sets PHP memory limit
- php_ini_files               Array with ini files. Defaults are set for Ubuntu 14.04, use only /etc/php.ini for Ubuntu 12.04
- install_profile_userepo     Use repository for install profile
- install_profile             Install profile name
- install_profile_repo        repo location, use SSH location when using private repo
- install_profile_repoversion verion of repo
- install_profile_reposshauth use SSH authentication for github
- install_profile_repokey     Private key for authentication
- install_profile_repokeyname name of private key
- install_profile_repotype    repo type
- instances                   Apache vhost configuration array
```


example ssl enabled virtual hosts with http to https redirect, see init.pp for more example values

```
role_drupal::enablessl: true
role_drupal::instances:
site-with-ssl.drupalsites.nl: 
  serveraliases: "*.drupalsites.nl"
  serveradmin: webmaster@drupalsites.nl
  port: 443
  priority: 10
  directories: 
  - options: -Indexes +FollowSymLinks +MultiViews
    path: /var/www/drupal
    allow_override: All
  docroot: /var/www/sisdrupal
  ssl: true
site-without-ssl.drupalsites.nl: 
  rewrites: 
  - rewrite_rule: 
    - ^(.*)$ https://site-with-ssl.drupalsites.nl/$1 [R,L]
  serveraliases: "*.drupalsites.nl"
  serveradmin: webmaster@drupalsites.nl
  port: 80
  docroot: /var/www/drupal
  priority: 5
```


Classes
-------------
- role_drupal
- role_drupal::instances
- role_drupal::repo
- role_drupal::update

Dependencies
-------------
- puppetlabs/mysql
- puppetlabs/apache2
- puppetlabs/vcsrepo
- puppetlabs/concat
- binford2k/binford2k-drupal 0.0.4  <- forked@naturalis for mysql-php binding fix
- naturalis/puppet-php <- forked from thias/puppet-php modified for Ubuntu 14.04 compatibility


Puppet code
```
class { role_drupal: }
```
Result
-------------
Working webserver with mysql and drupal installation with custom installation profile. Additional module installation and hourly cronjobs are also installed by default.
Additional php modules: gd and apc are installed and pecl-apc is also configured so drupal upload status bars are allowed. 
automatic updates using drush can be enabled. 

Limitations
-------------
This module has been built on and tested against Puppet 3 and higher.


The module has been tested on:
- Ubuntu 12.04LTS
- Ubuntu 14.04LTS


Authors
-------------
Author Name <hugo.vanduijn@naturalis.nl>
